Q: Trials involving 1,077 people showed the injection led to them making antibodies and T-cells that can fight coronavirus. The findings are hugely promising, but it is still too soon to know if this is enough to offer protection and larger trials are under way. The UK has already ordered 100 million doses of the vaccine. How does the vaccine work? The vaccine - called ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 - is being developed at unprecedented speed. It is made from a genetically engineered virus that causes the common cold in chimpanzees. It has been heavily modified, first so it cannot cause infections in people and also to make it "look" more like coronavirus. Scientists did this by transferring the genetic instructions for the coronavirus's "spike protein" - the crucial tool it uses to invade our cells - to the vaccine they were developing. This means the vaccine resembles the coronavirus and the immune system can learn how to attack it. 
A: Coronavirus vaccine developed by Oxford University appears safe and trains the immune system, key early trials show 

Q: The Hope probe launched on an H2-A rocket from Tanegashima spaceport, and is now on a 500-million-km journey to study the planet's weather and climate. Two previous attempts to launch the probe in the past week had to be called off because of adverse weather. Hope's arrival in February 2021 is set to coincide with the 50th anniversary of the UAE's formation. Image copyright MBRSC Image caption The mission will be commanded from the Mohammed Bin Rashid Space Centre inn Dubai Her Excellency Sarah Al Amiri, the science lead on Hope, spoke of her excitement and relief in seeing the rocket climb successfully into the sky. And she stated the impact on her country would be the same as that on America when its people watched the Apollo 11 Moon landing 51 years ago, also on 20 July. "It was an anchor for an entire generation that stimulated everyone that watched it to push further and to dream bigger," she told BBC News. "Today I am really glad that the children in the Emirates will wake up on the morning of the 20th of July having an anchor project of their own, having a new reality, having new possibilities, allowing them to further contribute and to create a larger impact on the world." The UAE craft is one of three missions heading to Mars this month. The US and China both have surface rovers in the late stages of preparation. The American mission, Perseverance, sent its congratulations to Hope. "I cannot wait to join you on the journey!" its Twitter account said. 
A: The United Arab Emirates launches its Hope spacecraft in historic first mission to Mars 

Q: Video recorded in Islington, London, shows two officers holding a handcuffed suspect, who is black, on the pavement. A second officer has been removed from operational duty following the arrest on Thursday evening. Deputy Met Police commissioner Sir Steve House said the footage was "extremely disturbing" and had been referred to the police watchdog. The force confirmed it had charged a 45-year-old man with possession of a knife in a public place. Marcus Coutain, of Islington, is due to appear in custody at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court on Saturday. 'Get off my neck' In the footage, shared with the BBC, one of the officers appears to be using his knee to control the suspect and has his hand on the man's head. The man on the ground, who is in handcuffs, repeatedly shouts: "Get off my neck." He is eventually released from the ground and continues to talk to officers after they sit him up. Several police cars arrive at the scene after the arresting officers are confronted by onlookers. An eye witness told the BBC: "I was worried he was going to get executed. That's just how George Floyd got killed. "If not for the crowds filming the police they could have suffocated him or broken his neck. "He was on the floor and in handcuffs, what's the reason for a kneeling on his neck?" 
A: London police officer suspended after "disturbing" footage emerges of officer appearing to kneel on a man's neck 

Q: Yves Rausch, 31, is said to have fled into the forest near Oppenau, in south-west Germany, on Sunday after threatening four police officers and taking their pistols. An elite unit, helicopters, thermal detectors and sniffer dogs had been deployed to find him. More than 2,530 officers were involved in the operation, police said. The suspect was found hiding in a bush with four handguns placed in front of him and an axe in his lap, deputy regional police chief Juergen Rieger told reporters. Mr Rausch was slightly injured in the operation, as was a police officer by the axe, Mr Rieger added. Neither needed hospital treatment. A postal worker gave police information which helped lead to his arrest. "I am very relieved - I think a line can be drawn under a really extraordinary situation for our little town," Mayor Uwe Gaiser said, according to Associated Press. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Yves Rausch's hut near Oppenau How did the confrontation with police begin? Police were initially called over reports of a suspicious man hanging around a hut in forest near Oppenau on Sunday. They found Mr Rausch in a hut on the edge of the forest, and said he had first appeared co-operative before suddenly pulling out a pistol and disarming the four officers. He was wearing camouflage gear. Media reports have nicknamed him "Rambo" after the fictional, violent Vietnam war veteran who goes on the run from US police. What do we know about 'Rambo'? Police say he had lived in the Oppenau area a long time and he is believed to know the forest well.
A: German police arrest 'Rambo' after manhunt in forest (Actual:Suspect nicknamed 'Rambo' arrested in Black Forest after five-day hunt for man who seized weapons from officers)

Q:
